Documentation of things that are not up to date. (#99)
Concordium/concordium.github.io: source/testnet/references/transactions.rst

   the exact amount of energy needed.
-  ``--nonce`` : Sequence number to use for the transaction. This is
   fetched automatically and should only be specified in special cases.
-  ``--signers`` : Specification of which credential holders of the sender account that should sign the transaction, and which of their keys that should be used to sign. Example: ``--signers 0:1,0:2,3:0,3:1`` specifies that credential holder 0 signs with keys 1 and 2, while credential holder
   3 signs with keys 0 and 1. If the sender account is imported to the client, and ``--signers`` is not provided,

>    it will sign with all keys in the local config.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   ``concordium-client`` will sign with all keys in the local configuration.
```
